---
page_title: "epcc_promotion Data Source - terraform-provider-epcc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents the EPCC API Promotion Object https://documentation.elasticpath.com/commerce-cloud/docs/api/carts-and-checkout/promotions/index.html#the-promotion-object.
  !> Warning: This resource only supports a single schema at this point
---

# Data Source `epcc_promotion`

Represents the EPCC API [Promotion Object](https://documentation.elasticpath.com/commerce-cloud/docs/api/carts-and-checkout/promotions/index.html#the-promotion-object).
!> **Warning:** This resource only supports a single schema at this point



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **schema** (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schema))

### Optional

- **automatic** (Boolean) Specifies whether the promotion is applied automatically to the cart or a code is required to apply the promotion. The default setting is `false`. When this value is set `true`, a code is autogenerated. If this value is set `false`, you must create the code manually
- **max_discount_value** (Block List) Provides the maximum possible discount for the cart (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--max_discount_value))
- **min_cart_value** (Block List) Provide the minimum cart value required for the promotion to apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--min_cart_value))

### Read-Only

- **description** (String) Specifies a description for the promotion.
- **enabled** (Boolean) Specifies whether the promotion is enabled. The options are `true` or `false`, and the default setting is `false`.
- **end** (String) Specifies the end date and time of the promotion or the end date of the promotion.
- **name** (String) Specifies a name for the promotion.
- **promotion_type** (String) Specifies the type of the promotion.
- **start** (String) Specifies the start date and time of the promotion or the start date of the promotion. You can provide a specific time in the HH:MM format. For example, `"start": "2000-01-01 12:00"`.

<a id="nestedblock--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema`

Optional:

- **currencies** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schema--currencies))

<a id="nestedblock--schema--currencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema.currencies`

Optional:

- **amount** (Number)
- **currency** (String)



<a id="nestedblock--max_discount_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `max_discount_value`

Optional:

- **amount** (Number)
- **promotion** (String)


<a id="nestedblock--min_cart_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `min_cart_value`

Optional:

- **amount** (Number)
- **promotion** (String)

