---
page_title: "epcc_field Resource - terraform-provider-epcc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents the EPCC API Fields Object https://documentation.elasticpath.com/commerce-cloud/docs/api/advanced/custom-data/fields/index.html.
---

# Resource `epcc_field`

Represents the EPCC API [Fields Object](https://documentation.elasticpath.com/commerce-cloud/docs/api/advanced/custom-data/fields/index.html).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **description** (String) Any description for this field.
- **enabled** (Boolean) If this field is enabled on the flow this should be true, otherwise false.
- **field_type** (String) Specifies the type of field, such as string, integer, boolean, float, date, relationship.
- **flow_id** (String) The id of the flow that this field applies to.
- **name** (String) The name of the field.
- **required** (Boolean) true if required on input, false if not. Always false if the field_type is a relationship.
- **slug** (String) A unique slug identifier for the field.

### Optional

- **default** (String) A default value if none is supplied and field is not required.
- **omit_null** (Boolean) Hide this field from responses if the value is null.
- **order** (Number) Denotes the order in which this field is returned relative to the rest of the flow fields.
- **relationship_to_many** (String)
- **relationship_to_one** (String)
- **valid_float_enum** (List of Number) A predefined collection of floats that represent the allowed value for this float field.
- **valid_float_range** (List of Map of Number)
- **valid_int_enum** (List of Number) A predefined collection of integer that represent the allowed value for this integer field.
- **valid_int_range** (List of Map of Number) A list of integers specified with from= and to= that represent the range of this value
- **valid_string_enum** (List of String) A predefined collection of strings that represent the allowed value for this string field.
- **valid_string_format** (String) Corresponds to the field validation rules for string, one of "email", "slug", or "uuid".

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The unique identifier for this field.

